#100. (Turn around) Every now and then I get a little bit lonely And you’re never coming ’round (Turn around) Every now and then I get a little bit tired Of listening to the sound of my tears – Bonnie Tyler, Total Eclpse of the Heart

#99. Hello, it’s me – Adele, Hello

#98. It’s Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that’s right on time It’s Tricky, it’s Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Tricky) – RUN-DMC, It’s Tricky

#97. Been around the world, don’t speak the language. But your booty don’t need explaining – Jason Derulo, Talk Dirty

#96. Now I’ve had the time of my life No, I never felt like this before Yes, I swear it’s the truth
And I owe it all to you – Bill Medley, (I’ve Had) The Time of My Life

#95. I love rock n’ roll So put another dime in the jukebox, baby I love rock n’ roll So come and take your time and dance with me Ow! – Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, I Love Rock ‘n’ Roll

#94. To the left, to the left, everything you own in a box to the left – Beyonce, Irreplaceable

#93. Shots shots shots shots shots shots Shots shots shots shots shots Shots shots shots shots shots – LMFAO feat. Lil Jon,Shots

#92. Don’t stop, never give up Hold your head high and reach the top Let the world see what you have got Bring it all back to you – S Club 7, Bring It All Back

#91. Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we’ll melt your popsicle! – Katy Perry, California Girl

#90. Tommy used to work on the docks – Bon Jovi, Livin’ On A Prayer

#89. You’re the one that I want (you are the one I want) Oo-oo-oo, honey The one that I want (you are the one I want) – John Travolta, You’re The One That I Want

#88. I just had sex And it felt so good (felt so good) A woman let me put my penis inside her (her) – The Lonely Island feat. Akon, I Just Had Sex

#87. Take on me (take on me)Take me on (take on me) I’ll be gone In a day or two – a-ha, Take On Me

#86. You think you’ve got it Oh, you think you’ve got it But got it just don’t get it when there’s nothin’ at all We get together Oh, we get together – Outkast, Hey Ya

#85. I’ve been cheated by you since I don’t know when, so I made up my mind, it must come to an end – Abba, Mamma Mia

#84. Ah, push it, push it good Ah, push it, push it real good – Salt-N-Pepa, Push It 

#78. Say it ain’t so, I will not go Turn the lights off, carry me home – Blink-182, All the Small Things

#77. Making my way downtown, walking fast, faces pass and I’m homebound – Vanessa Carlton, A Thousand Miles

#76. Working at the car wash (oh oh, yeah yeah) At the car wash, yeah (ooh ooh ooh) At the car wash (ow said, now come and work it with me now, yeah) Working at the car wash, yeah – Christina Aguilera feat. Missy Elliott, Car Wash

#75. ‘Cause I’m T.N.T., I’m dynamite (T.N.T.) and I’ll win the fight (T.N.T.) I’m a power load (T.N.T.) watch me explode – AC/DC, T.N.T.

#74. I can’t wait ’til I get you on the floor good-looking – Justin Timberlake Feat. Jay-Z, Suite & Tie

#73. Wake me up before you go go, I don’t want to miss it when you hit that high – Wham!, Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go

#72. Woah, we’re half way there Woah, livin’ on a prayer Take my hand, we’ll make it I swear Woah, livin’ on a prayer – Jon Jovi, Livin’ On A Prayer

#71. Hello there, the angel from my nightmare – Blink 182, I Miss You

#70. So I put my hands up They’re playing my song, And the butterflies fly away Noddin’ my head like, yeah Movin’ my hips like, yeah I got my hands up, They’re playin’ my song You know I’m gonna be okay Yeah, it’s a party in the USA – Miley Cyrus, Party in the USA

#69. I’m a Barbie girl, in a Barbie world Life in plastic, it’s fantastic You can brush my hair, undress me everywhere Imagination, life is your creation – Aqua, Barbie Girl

#68. Do you ever feel, like a plastic bag, Drifting through the wind, Wanting to start again? – Katy Perry, Firework

#67. ‘Cause I’m just a teenage dirtbag baby Yeah, I’m just a teenage dirtbag baby Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me, ooh – Wheatus, Teenage Dirtbag

#66. Don’t stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I’m-a fight Till we see the sunlight Tick-tock on the clock But the party don’t stop, no – Ke$ha, TiK ToKl

#65. Rah, rah, ah, ah, ah, roma, roma, ma. Gaga, ooh, la, la… want your bad romance! – Lady Gaga, Bad Romance

#64. Let’s go all the way tonight No regrets, just love We can dance until we die You and I We’ll be young forever – Katy Perry, Teenage Dream

#63. Somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me – Smash Mouth, All Star

#62. Hey now, hey now This is what dreams are made of – Lizzie McGuire, What Dreams Are Made Of

#61. Jaaaaaaon Derulooooo! – Jason Derulo, In My Head

#60. ‘Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I’m just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off – Taylor Swift, Shake it Off

#59. I see a little silhouetto of a man Scaramouch, scaramouch will you do the fandango Thunderbolt and lightning very very frightening me Gallileo, Gallileo, Gallileo, Gallileo, Gallileo Figaro – magnifico – Queen, Bohemian Rhapsody

#58. We could have had it all (you’re gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) – Adele, Rolling in the Deep

#57. I said, excuse me you’re a hell of a guy, I mean my, my, my, my you’re like pelican fly – Nicki Minaj, Super Bass

#56. Today was gonna be the day But they’ll never throw it back to you By now you should’ve somehow Realized what you’re not to do I don’t believe that anybody Feels the way I do, about you now – Oasis, Wonderwall


#55. Do you remember when we used to sing Sha la la la la la la la la la la dee dah – Van Morrison, Brown Eyed Girl

#54. When I was in the third grade I thought that I was gay… – Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Same Love

#53. I just want you for my own More than you could ever know Make my wish come true All I want for Christmas Is you You, baby – Mariah Carey, All I Want for Christmas Is You

#52. It’s the final countdown The final countdown – Europe, The Final Countdown

#51. You are my fire, the one desire – Backstreet Boys, Backstreet Boys – I Want It That Way

#50. I chime in with a Haven’t you ever heard of closing a goddamn door? – Panic! At The Disco, I Write Sins Not Tragedies

#49. Don’t stop believin’ Hold on to the feelin’ Streetlights, people – Journey, Don’t Stop Believin

#48. Take my hand, take my whole life too, but I can’t help falling in love with you – Elvis Presley, Can’t Help Falling In Love

#47. If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get with my friends (Gotta get with my friends) Make it last forever, friendship never ends If you wanna be my lover, you have got to give Taking is too easy, but that’s the way it is – Spice Girls, Wannabe

#46. Just dance! Gonna be okay – Lady Gaga, Just Dance

#45. On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair, warm smell of colitas rising up through the air – The Eagles, Hotel California

#44. And said, You ain’t seen nothin’ yet B-b-b-baby, you just ain’t seen n-n-nothin’ yet Here’s something that you never gonna forget B-b-b-baby, you just ain’t seen n-n-nothin’ yet – Bachman-Turner Overdrive, You Ain’t Seen Nothin’ Yet

#43. Highway to the danger zone Ride into the danger zone – Kenny Loggins, Danger Zone

#42. When I wake up yeah I know I’m gonna be, I’m gonna be the man who wakes up next to you – The Proclaimers, I’m Gonna Be (500 Miles)

#41. It’s the remix to ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rollin’ that body – R. Kelly, Ignition (Remix)

#40. If you’re having girl problems I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but a bitch ain’t one – Jay Z, 99 Problems

#39. Sweet dreams are made of this Who am I to disagree? I travel the world And the seven seas, Everybody’s looking for something. – Eurythmics, Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)

#38. I get knocked down, but I get up again – Chumbawamba, I Get Knocked Down

#37. By the rivers of babylon (dark tears of babylon) There we sat down (you got to sing a song) Ye-eah we wept, (sing a song of love) When we remember zion (yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah) – Boney M, Rivers of Babylon

#36. I fell into a burning ring of fire. i went down down down and the flames went higher – Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire

#35. A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side A little bit of Rita is all I need, a little bit of Tina is what I see A little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long A little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of you makes me your man – Lou Bega, Mambo No 5

#34. At first I was afraid, I was petrified – Gloria Gaynor, I Will Survive

#33. Getting born in the state of Mississippi, her papa was a copper, and her mama was a hippy – Red Hot Chili Peppers, Dani California

#32. Karma, karma, karma, karma, karma chameleon You come and go, you come and go Loving would be easy if your colors were like my dreams Red, gold, and green, red, gold, and green – Culture Club, Karma Chameleon

#31. Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world – Journey, Don’t Stop Believin’

#30. Love is a battlefield – Pat Benatar, Love Is A Battlefield

#29. So when you’re near me, darling can’t you hear me S. O. S. – ABBA, SOS

#28. Hello darkness my old friend – Simon and Garfunkel, The Sound of Silence

#27. Coming out of my cage And I’ve been doing just fine Gotta gotta be down Because I want it all It started out with a kiss How did it end up like this It was only a kiss, it was only a kiss – The Killers, Mr Brightside

#26. Just beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it – Michael Jackson, Beat It

#25. I walk a lonely road, the only one that I have ever known – Green Day, Boulevard Of Broken Dreams

#24. It’s fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A – Village People, Y.M.C.A.

#23. What you gon’ do with all that junk? All that junk inside your trunk! – Black Eyed Peas, My Humps

#22. Pretty woman, walkin’ down the street Pretty woman the kind I like to meet – Roy Orbison, Pretty Woman

#21. Mmmbop, ba duba dop Ba du bop, ba duba dop Ba du bop, ba duba dop Ba du, yeah – Hanson, MMMbop

#20. You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain, too much love drives a man insane. You broke my will, but what a thrill. Goodness gracious, great balls of fire – Jerry Lee Lewis, Great Balls of Fire

#19. Hungry like the wolf – Duran Duran, Hungry Like the Wolf

#18. P p p poker face, p p p poker face – Lady Gaga, Poker Face

#17. Blackbird singing in the dead of night. Take these broken wings and learn to fly – The Beatles, Blackbird

#16. And girls they wanna have fun Oh girls just want to have fun – Cyndi Lauper, Girls Just Want to Have Fun

#15. Don’t, don’t you want me? You know I can’t believe it when I hear that you won’t see me Don’t, don’t you want me? – The Human League, Don’t You Want Me

#14. Stop! In the name of love – Diana Ross & The Supremes, Stop! In The Name of Love

#13. Oh baby, baby how was I supposed to know Oh pretty baby, I shouldn’t have let you go I must confess, that my loneliness is killing me now Don’t you know I still believe That you will be here And give me a sign Hit me baby one more time – Britney Spears, Baby One More Time

#12. And I… will always love you I… will always love you You, ooh – Whitney Houston, I Will Always Love You

#11. And it seems to me you lived your life Like a candle in the wind Never knowing who to cling to When the rain set in And I would have liked to have known you – Elton John, Candle in the Wind

#10. Don’t want to close my eyes I don’t want to fall asleep ‘Cause I’d miss you baby And I don’t want to miss a thing – Aerosmith, I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing

#9. It’s the eye of the tiger, it’s the dream of the fight – Survivor, Eye of the Tiger

#8. Oh, I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody – Whitney Houston, I Wanna Dance With Somebody

#7. My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard – Kelis, Milkshake

#6. All the single ladies Now put your hands up – Beyoncé, Single Ladies

#5. We are the champions, my friends And we’ll keep on fighting ’til the end – Queen, We Are The Champions

#4. It’s a long way to the top, if you wanna rock n roll – AC/DC, It’s A Long Way to The Top 

#3. It’s now or never, Come hold me tight Kiss me my darling – Elvis Presley, It’s Now Or Never

#2. Look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment, would you capture it, or just let it slip? – Eminem, Lose Yourself

#1. Billie Jean is not my lover She’s just a girl who claims that I am the one – Michael Jackson, Billie Jean